Look at, look at how he looked.
Let's pull up a young pick of Joe Rogan when he was in the hay heyday. I mean,
the kid was an absolute bonafide piece. Wow.
Now he looks like he's got a fighter's face.
Like he looks like he's been a couple of years. He's got some scar tissue,
but when he was young he had hair. I mean, the kid had nice hair. Yeah.
He had a nice, yeah. And now he's got to shape that, but he's got this,
it looks good in the shaved head.
And obviously you've got the biggest podcast in the world. Um, and, uh,
and yet no, but the kid listen, Joe Rogan is, I mean,
listen as successful as he is and as great as everything is, I mean,
we all got demons. I mean,
the kid sleeps in a sleep deprivation tank every night. I mean,
the kids sleep upside down like a bat. He hunts his own food. He,
yeah, he sleeps in a, in a, in some cryonics chamber. I mean, yeah,
he does DMT everyday. I mean, we're all running from something I have to beans.
And because here's an interesting thing about Rogan.
Once you think a lot of people know,
but then don't realize what happened in 2005 Rogan accused Carlos [inaudible] of
jokes, chilling, which he was. And then the 2007,
he confronted men on stage at the comedy store. And now,
now you associate Joe Rogan with the comedy store and it's like, he made it,
he built it and he did, but in 2007,
the comedy store employees sided with Carlos [inaudible] and Rogan got dropped
by his talent agent in Gersh. His man, I think his manager stayed with them,
but he got banned from the comedy store. And from 2007 to 2013,
wasn't allowed in the comedy store for six freaking years.
And in that timeframe, he made Joe Rogan, the Joe Rogan experience JRE.
And the first time he came back in 2013 was to support Arusha fierce first
special. So it's just like,
you got to understand one thing that Joe Joe Rogan
is the COO is like, you know, we know this,
but maybe the public doesn't know is like the Johnny Carson of our time.
Like how you heard of Jerry Seinfeld and Ray Romano and all these committee drew
Carey because they broke on the Johnny Carson show.
That's what Joe Rogan was for Archie fear and Tom cigar and Burke Chrysler and
Theo Von. They broke on the Joe Rogan show. So they went on, were amazing,
funny, talented. And then boom, you hear about them, Tim Dylan, Dylan,
Andrew Schultz. I mean, all these guys work hard and have amazing things.
But funny,
the thing that got them to Rogan was there things that we're doing before
talented and work ethic and all that,
but then the major platform to give them the success they have much like Carson
is, is, is, uh, is Joe Rogan. So it's, uh,
we just like many things in our career with Mr. Boda, get that's what it is.
That's and that's why it's extremely important for us as comedians to have
someone like Joe Rogan, because like Jada's mentioned,
the gatekeepers are used to be people who were gatekeepers to get you into this
festival, get you on this TV network and do this. And they could,
they held your career in their hands, but they weren't comedians.
Joe Rogan now being a gatekeeper who is a comedian.
And it's kind of like real recognizes real if you're talented and you're good.
And he respects you, he gives you an opportunity by just saying,
come on my show. And then, you know, you listen to the episodes,
especially with comedians, he lets the comedians talk and showcase their skills.
He doesn't try to get the last word and, or he knows what it is.
He's become the platform in his own way. So he's very, you know,
we're all appreciative that even if you know, we never, honestly,
I never been on a show. We hope to someday, but even that we have it, it's like,
it's just amazing to see, to know that there's, if, if, if a network,
a TV network or somebody wants to say,
nobody can cancel you or take your career away.
As long as you got Joe Rogan and his show.
Behind you. Yeah. I mean,
his career has been interesting because he didn't at the beginning,
supposedly he didn't even want to, he didn't see himself becoming a comedian.
He saw, he thought he was going to become like a kickboxing.
Instructor. He stopped fighting.
Um, around age 21 or whatever dropped out of college. Um,
he saw his big inspiration was he saw Richard Pryor
special and he was blown away by how funny he was.
And that's what made him want to become a comedian. He started comedy in 1988.
Yeah. 1980 around for a long time. I mean, yeah.
And the kid moves tickets, but I mean, when you look at him now, he's still,
they're both handsome, but they're two different types of handsome. Yeah.
One is like a little more pretty boyish.
And this is the kid who just looks like he will,
he will go outside and kill the bear. That's in your lawn either way.
He's going to get softly kissed on his lips will get softer kissing his butt
cheeks if we ever get on that show, because if he gets too agro with us,
we will deescalate him.
Deescalate 10 allows puppet Sergeant knuckles with sharp,
and I will jerk off Joe Rogan live on the show and his producer,
Jamie toolkit jumped off.
Yeah. We really hope you enjoyed that episode. Whatever it was about.
This is just a stock thing that we're taping on temporary episode.
So go make sure you rate and review us. Subscribe,
turn on your notifications, get jiggy with it.
Go to patrion.com/bay Ridge boys, where things get real, really wild.